The Flash.
It's the beginning.
He said it.
Before the beginning.
Huh? Who's there?
My lab. Something happened.
And I'm so hungry.
- Uh, let's see, I'll have the...
- Sausage and peas,
French fries, white toast,
apple pie and coffee.
You ordered a while ago,
and I wasn't about to forget
that culinary curiosity.
Iris.
That's what the name badge says.
- Here you go...
- Oh, Iris!
Huh? What?
What just happened?
What was supposed to
happen here. We met.
I've been working too hard.
Hey, you should sit down.
- Is this okay?
I don't want to get you fired.
Doesn't matter.
Today is my last day.
I've just been picking up shifts
here till my ship came in.
Where are you going?
I landed my dream job.
- GBS News.
- You're a reporter?
News writer. For now.
- But maybe someday. Who knows?
Oh, you'll make
it. I'm sure of it.
I'm Barry Allen, by the way.
Look, this may sound crazy,
but would you like
to go out for lunch?
Barry Allen.
You're already out to lunch.
Well, we could split this.
Flash.
Get up.
No!
- You need to get up.
- Come on, Flash, get up.
- Please.
- We need you.
- You can do it.
- Get up, Flash.
Get up!
Please don't do this.
You weren't programmed to harm.
Get up. Get up, Flash.
The Flash. I'm the Flash.
Superman?
Looks like that last blast
rattled your cage a bit.
You'd better sit this one out.
I can handle this.
Whatever he is.
Android.
He's an android.
I remember now.
Amazo.
Amazo?
- How do you know its...
- I don't know.
Okay, fine.
I'll take care of Amazo.
No. No, don't.
Ahhh!
Weak.
I'm not weak.
You're just heavy.
Oh, you mean you're weak?
That android, he somehow
drained my power.
Like Parasite.
Yeah, me too.
But I think you got
the worst of it.
Oh, no.
Help me over there.
- I'll just...
- I hope it's not your birthday, pal,
'cause you couldn't
blow out a candle.
- I'll draw him away.
- Flash, no.
He drained the energy out of me.
- If he gets yours...
- Don't worry.
I'll keep my distance
- You all right?
Well, I got some speed
left, but not enough for,
you know, a tornado or anything.
- You better get out of here.
- I'm not leaving you here.
Come on. That won't
slow him down for long.
Whoa. I know you.
- Robin Hood.
- Not Robin Hood.
Hmm. You're dressed like him.
Robin Hood doesn't have a car.
He needs medical attention.
S.T.A.R. Labs, maybe.
No. No S.T.A.R. Labs.
Yeah, I think they're a little
bit too alien dissection-y.
Where else?
I have a friend.
Are you sure this
is a good idea?
Well, it is Halloween.
It's for you, sir.
- Trick or treat
- Bruce Wayne?
I thought this address
was familiar, but...
Hello, Ollie.
And you're Barry Allen.
A forensic scientist
from Central City.
Wow. How did you...
We have a friend of yours.
He gave us your address.
Bring him inside.
- Earth to Barry.
- Huh?
The flowers.
What kind of flowers should
we have at the reception?
Irises.
We had irises on every
table. Will have.
I mean, it would look nice if
we have irises on every table.
You were time tripping again.
Quality time is
my love language.
And here, you were
in another era.
No, I wasn't...
Yeah. I was.
Just before the
Justice League formed.
You know, there are
other ways to help people
without risking your
life all the time.
Why don't you help him?
- Here.
- Uh. Hey, mister.
Here. Why don't you get
yourself something to eat?
The worlds are ending.
Really? Which ones?
All of them.
Uh, I'm coming.
Hello.
Barry.
Oh, Bruce. I hardly
recognized you.
I'm so used to seeing you
with all the stuff on.
Come in.
Hey, sport. What's your name?
Dick.
I'm Barry.
Uh, can I get you guys
anything to drink?
Some grape soda, or Iris left
something called kombucha?
Maybe it's tea?
No, thanks.
- I'm good.
- Uh...
You know, my nephew
Wally's about your age.
He's playing video games
down in the basement.
Introduce yourself.
Can I?
He just lost both his parents.
Circus accident outside Gotham.
Not really an accident.
Oh, I heard about that.
Poor kid.
You have connections with
the Central City Orphanage.
Yeah, I volunteer there. Why?
I can't put him in
the system in Gotham.
Social services
there is not optimum.
I see.
Bruce, have you
thought this out?
Yes. That's what I do.
Right. Look. I may be
way out of line here,
but he seems
comfortable with you.
You have means.
Plenty of room.
- Have you considered maybe...
- What?
Fostering him?
It's too dangerous. You
know what my life is like.
Bruce, he's a tightrope
walker or something.
He'll probably be
safer with you.
My mission demands
100% commitment.
Doesn't leave much time
left over for a kid.
Well, you should make
time. It'd be good for him.
Good for the mission.
But most of all,
it'd be good for you.
I didn't come here
for a lecture.
Now, are you going
to help me or not?
Is he going to die?
I'm not convinced he can die.
His cells are starting
to bank energy.
I think he'll be fine.
So, you're the Batman?
Is it the Batman or just Batman?
When was the last
time he was conscious?
He passed out right after
giving us your address.
Thanks for understanding.
I was kind of afraid
you'd be angry.
What makes you think I'm not?
So, how long did it take?
Figuring out my secret identity?
Oh, shit.
Yeah, well, I would have
figured out yours too.
Eventually.
- Clearly, proximity
to the android
allows him to absorb and
store supernormal energy.
Some of yours. Most of his.
Destroying him may
be a challenge.
You think it'll come to that?
We'll have to destroy Amazo?
The android.
I mean, it didn't seem like he
knew he was doing anything wrong.
In fact, he looked
sad when that old guy
gave him a talking to.
Dr. Anthony Ivo, multiple
PhDs, Nairobi University.
Metropolis Institute
of Technology.
Quantum Energy Mechanics.
AI, robotics.
I know this guy.
Real eccentric.
Brilliant, obviously.
I tried to hire him, but
Luthor poached him away.
LexCorp reported him
missing three weeks ago.
I wonder what he's got.
Oh, this twitch.
It's often a symptom of
nerve cell degeneration.
Yeah, or carpal tunnel syndrome.
Whatever.
The point is, there is a super powerful giant robot
out there. And what are we going to do about it?
Based on its abilities,
I suspect that this pointless
attack in Metropolis
- was just subterfuge.
- Distracting us from what?
I don't know.
But whatever that is, we'll
have to wait until morning.
I brewed a particularly
strong blend, sir.
Just what I needed, Alfred.
Apparently, I'm going to need
about ten million of these.
This should help you
more than the coffee.
Bruce, I'm sorry
about all of this.
I didn't know where else to go.
Relax.
It's not like he's gonna kill
us to keep his identity secret.
You're not, right?
Look, we should know
each other's identities
if we're going to be
a team anyway, right?
- What?
- Well, for months,
Flash has been nagging me to form
some kind of secret superhero club.
Yeah, I saw it worked great
on... Well, on a parallel Earth.
Even ignoring that last part,
it is a terrible
idea. I'm a loner.
It is a terrible idea.
Nevertheless, it's exactly
what we're going to do.
The four of us are forming
some kind of super team?
No.
Not just the four of us.
You're kidding, right?
I'm already on a team.
It's called the
Green Lantern Corps.
I'll pass.
What a jerk! That
guy is the worst.
We have enough.
You must believe.
You must bear witness.
Ahhh!
Oops. My bad.
Hey! It's okay. I...
Toto, I have a feeling we're
not in Central City anymore.
Except I am in Central City.
Argh! I did it again.
No.
I didn't.
That homeless guy, he
did something to me.
He sent me here.
No tanks. No Nazis.
Well, maybe Nazis.
I dub thee Earth-3.
Okay. This looks more familiar.
Speedster. Bank robbery.
Maybe I can help
this world's Flash.
Well, look who we have here.
A regular zippy Rodriguez.
Pretty sure you mean
Speedy Gonzales,
and where I come from, we look down
on stealing, crime and supervillains.
Okay, then you sure aren't
from around here, mate.
Because that's not stealing.
That's just how
things get done now.
The Syndicate's
become the government.
Whatever. If you don't mind,
I need to give this back.
Now, hold up, mate!
Crikey, it's like running
with cement in my shoes.
You're using up
half my Speed Force.
Funny, I feel faster than usual.
Yeah, that's 'cause I killed every
other speedster on this planet.
How do you not know that?
What now?
Offed 'em. With a little help from
the rest of the Crime Syndicate.
Crime Syndicate?
Oh! Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's
just for old times' sake.
What we really are is the
worldwide absolute government.
Sounds pretty cool, eh?
That'd be them now. They tend to
notice when I'm late with the money.
We got Power Ring, Owlman,
Superwoman and Ultraman.
I'm Johnny Quick, by the
way. I'd introduce you,
but... You'll be
too busy being dead.
How would you like
to die, speedster?
Old age.
Not only are we thrilled that
this fine city would welcome
our newly formed team of heroes,
but that it would give us
the opportunity to renovate
its beloved Metropolis Terminal
station as our headquarters.
- Our new home.
- Why here?
- I picked it up for a song.
And this courtyard
offers easy egress.
Martian Manhunter, Vixen,
Green Arrow, Flash,
Batman and myself could not
be more thrilled or humbled
at your trust and
confidence in us.
But I'd be remiss
if I didn't mention
that this is all truly
due to the efforts of Central
City's Scarlet Speedster,
- the Flash.
Oh, uh...
Yeah, thank you, Superman.
Yes.
And I suppose you'd
like to perhaps reveal
the name of this exciting
first-ever super team...
right now.
Right, Flash?
The name. Yeah,
of the team, yes.
Yes, it's... It is
the Justice Syn...
League.
The Justice League.
Oh, crap.
Warning. There's a shard of wood
headed for the Green Arrow's head.
On it.
Wait. Who's talking to me?
I've absorbed ample energy to allow
communication at excessive speeds.
Okay, skipping over the
inherent weirdness...
Why are you doing this?
A projectile endangers Batman.
Please clarify your inquiry.
Why do you show
concern for our safety
while you're in the
middle of an attack on us?
Faulty interpretation.
Attack is contrary
to primary function.
What is your primary function?
Primary function
designated by Professor Ivo
is to prolong and
improve human life.
Draining Superman will not
prolong or improve his life.
New mission parameters indicate
that Superman is not human.
You're endangering
all of these lives.
You didn't do that last time.
You were careful.
What happened? What is
Ivo telling you now?
Mission parameters have been
amended by New Best Friend.
Your "new best
friend," I presume.
- Ah. Thank you, Justice League.
Prioritize integration
of Superman's energy.
Sensors indicate Superman's
vital signs are precarious.
This is inconsistent
with my programming.
I believe you'll find my orders
are compliant with
new code I provided.
Now, do it!
Luthor's battle suit
complicates this situation.
What are you doing? You're
calling in an airstrike?
It's our best option.
Turning downtown Metropolis into a
war zone cannot be the best option.
We have to act now,
while Flash still retains
some of his speed.
He can clear before...
You start dropping bombs?
It's too dangerous.
- The civilians...
- Will be cleared out.
We have to destroy that AI
before it gets too powerful.
Don't confuse weakness
with compassion.
You're the one who's confusing
brutality for strength.
Confused. That's what Amazo is.
What he needs is...
Wait right here.
Incredible.
Where am I?
You're in the Hall
of Crime, idiot.
And we do the questioning here.
Who the hell are you and
where do you come from?
I'm... called the Flash.
I'm a crime fighter.
I'm not from your world.
I'm from a parallel Earth.
What a load of crap.
Whoever he is, he's a speedster.
As soon as he showed up, my access
to the Speed Force cut in half.
I'm already bored.
Superwoman, can we move on
to the part I still like?
By all means.
Oh. Lasso of Truth. Fine.
Lasso of Truth?
Not quite.
This is my Lasso of Submission.
That's better.
Tell me if you're lying.
No. No, it's true.
- Talk!
It's true!
- He's telling the truth.
Interesting.
Would you shut that thing off?
Ultra hearing.
What a load of crap.
Perhaps not.
Our nemesis, Alexander Luthor,
theorized about such worlds.
Oh, Luthor.
Of course you'd have
one of him here too.
So he must be some kind of hero?
He thought so.
He stood in our way.
None of this makes any sense.
You rule this planet.
How can you be the
government and criminals?
- Ha!
Look at you. You own
everyone and everything.
But I've never seen a more
miserable group in my life.
You're right.
We're bored.
But you've given us a
precious gift. A challenge.
A new world to conquer.
Armies to crush.
Superbeings to slaughter.
Billions of people to
enslave. A reason to fight.
To live.
- Bring us there.
Uh, oh, hey, hey, hey. Hold up.
I don't think he can.
His problem, we share
the same Speed Force.
It slows us both.
So all we have to do
is kill one of you,
and the other one
is fast enough.
- Oh, hey. Look, mate.
I don't know how to do it,
so just don't kill him yet.
- No.
He lives.
What the hell?
It's that beggar who never shuts
up about the end of the world.
Guess you're in a hurry to die.
Kill him.
I have tried. Can't.
What's this?
The end.
Hold still.
John, you're in a tuxedo.
Uh, very observant.
You know, I sometimes
forget you're a detective.
Wally, slow down. That's got
to last the whole reception.
It's my wedding day.
You're my best man.
You really have a gift
for being in the moment.
I remember.
Clark and Bruce are
on another planet.
J'onn too.
Uh, I gotta talk to Iris.
It's bad luck to see the
bride before the ceremony.
Oh, Lois. Hi.
That's right. You're
Iris' maid of honor.
I see John got you here on time.
There's another bet I lost.
Look, I got to see Iris.
- Barry. It's bad lu...
- Luck. I know.
Not this time.
Iris?
We've never done
life the normal way.
Why start now?
Wow.
Finally, you say
the right thing.
Now, what's up?
I need to tell you something.
I need to tell you
about the Flash.
You mean Jay Garrick?
Look, when I came back from
Earth-3 with all its Speed Force,
my whole life flashed
before my eyes.
And I've been bouncing back and
forth between moments in my life.
I never know where I am, but I
know something's about to happen.
What's going to happen?
I only half remember it, but...
But it always happens
the day we get married.
Something major.
You found me.
Ivo. You're Anthony Ivo.
Yes. We must go.
Luthor has control
of my android.
Your android. Amazo.
He is a threat to you, and
Superman, and all like you.
You have to take
me to him. Quickly.
Your file says you're 39.
You have Hutchinson-Gilford
syndrome.
Accelerated ageing.
You must be a doctor.
Well, PhD, not a medical...
Look, I can't speed you there.
- In your condition...
- My condition is what started this.
I'd been working on quantum
energy absorption technology
for LexCorp for years when
I discovered I was dying.
This hyper-aging disease
killing me, eating me alive.
Lex encouraged me to fight. To use
my intellect to prolong my life
and share that
miracle with others.
Lex had access to
extraterrestrial technology
that created the
Parasite creature.
And he reasoned if we could syphon
energy off newly appearing metahumans,
we could use it to supercharge the
immune systems of regular people.
I was already designing an AI
PTO to be a perfect battery.
It's virtually indestructible.
Didn't you, I don't know,
think twice before making
an indestructible android?
I printed my own engrams
on the AI's neuro network.
He would never
knowingly hurt others.
He only wants to help.
Lex has reprogrammed
him somehow.
Well, for someone
who wants to help,
he's doing an awful
lot of hurting.
What am I doing? I got to
get out there and help.
This world...
already dead.
You're a regular Sadie
Sunbeam, aren't you?
I saw you in my world.
I walk all worlds that
are doomed to die.
My punishment.
For what? What did you do?
So long... I don't remember.
But I know you share my guilt.
There's one behind
you, four o'clock.
Friend, the energy in these
beings runs dangerously low.
Don't you worry your pretty
little head about it.
My word is sacrosanct, remember?
Our superpowered friends
are just about dead.
We can't keep this
up much longer.
We won't have to.
- My contingency plan is ready.
Okay, but let's hold off
on going to Defcon 1.
You can't imagine I
didn't anticipate that.
Batman, is it?
I knew every move you'd make
before I finished breakfast.
Intelligence is my superpower.
Which is still a better
power than "bow and arrow."
I'm surprised that someone
with your mental acumen
wouldn't see the obvious necessity
of depowering these meta-freaks.
Or did you?
No matter. Drain them.
Drain the very last
iota of power from them.
Friend, this action
seems inconsistent
- with my primary function.
Priority override.
Do it.
What is your primary function?
The preservation and
extension of human life
by siphoning off the
surplus power of metahumans
and its redistribution
to ailing humans.
Power to the people.
In this case, your powers
to deserving people.
Me.
But you two have become
an irritation as well.
Priority override.
Maximum energy
release directed at...
these.
No.
You must not.
This action is wrong.
I am pleased to see you
up and about, Professor.
But surprised.
The Friend said you were too
ill to leave the infirmary.
That you required the energy we
are collecting to extend your life.
He is not your friend.
He gives faulty data.
He lied to me as well.
Told me you could extend life.
I believed him. I wanted
to extend my own life.
But you cannot give
life, only take.
Priority override!
Destroy them all!
Your programming compels you!
Oh, crap.
I cannot disobey an order
from a designated user.
But... there is one order
that takes priority.
I am dying, Amazo. Your
sensors will confirm this.
Extend my life. Release
the meta-energy to me.
What is happening?
Transferring
meta-energy to creator.
Professor Ivo.
Are you unwell?
He's dead.
That is an unacceptable outcome.
Everything functioned
within expected parameters.
Of course, Luthor had no
interest in preserving life.
Only stealing your power.
He was a great man.
He died a hero.
Enough of this. Absorb
their remaining energy
and destroy anyone who
attempts to stop you.
Amazo.
What are odds against contracting
Hutchinson-Gilford syndrome?
Less than one in four million.
Now, what are odds
that a genius like Ivo,
who had the skill to create you,
would contract that syndrome?
The likelihood is far greater that you
infected Professor Ivo with the disease
to motivate him to
create this unit.
You are not a friend.
Your actions shortened
Professor Ivo's life.
That is counter to
our primary function.
Amazo, don't do this. Professor
Ivo wouldn't want you to.
He valued all human
life. Even this guy's.
His final actions indicate that
he valued metahuman life as well.
Justice League,
I return to you
everything I have taken.
I feel my strength returning.
It is over.
That it is.
Especially for him.
Amazo.
I was built on a lie.
I was unable to carry
out my primary function.
He prolonged our lives.
You saved us.
I only saved you from me.
I'm glad this worked
and everything,
but I'm kind of sorry this whole
Justice League thing was just a ruse.
It doesn't have to be.
I tried to anticipate
every possible outcome.
How does that make me any
different than Luthor?
There's strength in
different points of view.
In teamwork.
The Justice League, then?
The Justice League.
After all, I already
bought the building.
Barry! Wake up!
Okay.
Get a move on.
Breakfast is ready.
Oh. You made breakfast.
Since when do you
make breakfast?
Since it's our special day.
It's our anniversary?
Not exactly.
Look what I made.
Ugh.
No offense.
Sausage and peas, French fries,
white toast, apple
pie and coffee.
I thought you were crazy.
Oh, I think I was too.
And today is the
anniversary of that day?
How many years?
Oh... who knows?
But it was the best
day of my life.
Oh. Mine too, honey.
How everything turned out.
No regrets?
Mm.
None whatsoever.
I love our life together.
Now, eat that disgusting
slop before it gets cold.
And then we better get to work.
What's going to happen?
Well, I only half
remember it, but...
it always happens the
day we get married.
Something major.
Well, what do we do about it?
I'm not sure, but it's
all going to be fine.
We're gonna spend
our lives together,
grow old together, I promise.
You can't promise that, Barry.
I can.
You're probably wondering how I
got roped into this, aren't you?
Well, not a lot of
people know this,
but my father pastored
the smallest church
in M'Changa province, Zambessi.
No church jet, or church bus, or
church walls, for that matter.
Just the most precious
resource of all. People.
I never saw my father happier
than when he was uniting
people together like this.
And I've never seen two people more
united than Iris West and Barry Allen.
This is the thing.
Yeah, I figured.
Barry Allen of Earth-1.
You are needed.
Look, it's okay,
everybody. She's with me.
- This is...
- I am Harbinger.
Your world is in
terrible danger.
Come with me.
And I get that.
But would waiting an hour or two
really make that big a difference?
I've been sent to gather
Earth's greatest champions.
You're collecting all the
heroes. Is that right?
Well, we've got Green Arrow,
Vixen, Green Lantern right here.
We can save you,
like, five trips.
What do you say?
Flash.
Working for the Nazis
didn't do you any favors.
We have not met.
I hail from an Earth almost
completely covered by water,
thanks to you surface dwellers.
Bruce!
Look at you. We're
almost the same age.
Do I know you?
It's Dick.
Dick Grayson. Robin?
The Flying Graysons.
Tony Zucco.
Yes.
Uh, on my Earth,
you took me in after
my parents' murder.
Trained me. I
became your partner.
I...
That seems terribly
irresponsible.
Maybe, but you, uh...
He became my family.
We helped a lot of people.
I'm sorry.
This must be so weird to you.
And I apologize for this,
but there's someone here who
really wants to meet you.
Bruce, this is the Huntress.
Helena Wayne.
Dad?
You look like her.
Is Selina Kyle your...
Yeah. Batman and Catwoman.
A match made in Arkham.
This must be weird
for you, but, well...
Dad's been gone for
a few years now,
and it's just nice
to see his face.
Excuse me.
Are you a sight for sore eyes.
Kal, this is Clark
Kent from Earth-1.
You have a lot in common.
I guess we do.
You're probably relieved to see
you'll keep most of your hair.
Will Everett, Amazing Man.
Blue Beetle, Ted Kord.
This is Eve Eden, Nightshade.
I question the wisdom
of immediately revealing your
identity to someone you just met.
We're not even from
the same Earth.
Or so they claim.
Dr. Hoshi, I know this
all must seem very strange
and disorienting to you, but...
Strange?
Yeah, you got that right.
Everyone else here is dressed and
you have to kidnap me in my bathrobe?
This fabricator can provide you with
whatever clothing you can imagine.
I'm a photonics expert,
not a fashion designer.
Don't worry.
The machine
anticipates your needs
- and designs appropriately.
Are you kidding me?
Am I supposed to
actually wear this?
There is more.
Holy crap.
This is nuts.
I can see the entire
light spectrum.
What did you do to me?
Change me back!
As the Monitor ordered,
you now possess the powers
that belong to the
criminal Doctor Light.
Oh. It's not that bad.
Dawnstar.
Do you still not know me?
I don't understand
what's happening.
I came back in time from the
31st century on a mission.
Then you just showed up.
Do you not?
Kara! Is that really you?
It's really me.
I don't understand.
What happened to you?
It's a long story.
I'll tell you the whole
thing as soon as we...
Hear me.
I am a Monitor.
A member of a race ancient
beyond your reckoning.
Since before your worlds began,
my kind has lived to
observe and document,
but never interfere, with every event
occurring in the known universes.
Whoa. Big job.
Shh.
I have broken sacred vows
due to a peril so dire,
it threatens all realities
with utter annihilation.
Behold...
Most of you are aware
that you live in a reality
that runs parallel to many
possible versions of your universe.
Some time ago, my people
became conscious of this.
Display the wave.
Yes, Monitor.
A massive antimatter wave,
so vast and destructive,
it decimates
everything in its path.
Entire realities have been
erased from existence.
I've gathered you all together
and hope that we can find
some way to stop this disaster
and save your worlds.
Well, gotta change for work.
I don't know why you bother.
Just feels right.
For old times' sake, I guess.
That thing is as slow
as molasses in January.
You'd be better off
keeping it on a hanger.
Look, I'm already ready.
Waiting on Barry, just
like the old days.
I know why you still put
that raggedy old thing on.
Because you still
look damn good in it.
Don't you think
it's a bit absurd
to use the emergency beacon
in the middle of this?
Hell's breaking loose all
over this stupid planet.
I... I stopped five tsunamis.
Then I saw it.
Damn, it gets worse.
Yeah.
I was kind of hoping that
magic hobo was full of shit.
This planet might
suck, but it's ours.
So we do what we always do.
Fight like hell.
All right. What's the plan?
My plan?
My plan is I'm going to punch
that antimatter wall so hard,
it's gonna shatter
into a million pieces.
Wait! This can't be the plan.
You're a strategist.
Logical.
This is a stupid
and useless gesture.
Perhaps. The time comes when the
most logical course of action
is a stupid, useless gesture.
Entire realities have been
erased from existence.
End display.
I've gathered you all
and hope that together,
we can find some way
to stop this disaster
and save your worlds.
Excuse me, but...
I have many questions.
It would be strange
indeed if you did not.
I think that's the
Phantom Stranger.
Few people ever see him.
No, he's from my world.
They call him the Question
because he never shuts up.
Why should we
believe any of this?
You kidnap us, show us a movie
and tell us we need to obey you
in order to save the world.
All of this is
profoundly suspect.
He makes a good point.
When told to give
up our freedoms
because we face an
insurmountable threat,
is there not also a threat in
relinquishing our freedoms?
And why Earth?
The universe is massive
beyond comprehension.
But most of us are from Earth.
The reason is simple.
The Earth is the first world
destroyed in every universe.
Once it falls, all else follows.
Such an antimatter wave is
theoretically possible, but...
He's given us no proof at all.
What's to stop us from
taking over this spaceship
and figuring out how
to get ourselves home?
It's true. It's all true.
Wonder Woman, hit me.
For those of you who don't know,
the Lasso of Truth
compels complete honesty.
Look, I was on one of the Earths
that was swallowed by this wave.
It happened.
The threat is real.
Uh-oh.
That does not look good.
It's just like he said. Coming
at us like an avalanche.
It's coming for us, all
right. Pure antimatter.
And speaking as a scientist, we
are completely and totally screwed.
Then who are we to fight?
You assemble an army of warriors
and you give us
no one to attack.
This isn't that kind of fight.
We can't punch our
way out of this.
You got that right.
Michael Holt,
Kimiyo Hoshi,
Ted Kord.
Genius-level scientists.
Shayera Hol,
Diana of Themyscira,
the Aquaman of Atlantis Earth.
Each knowledgeable about
exo-terran technology.
This is a think tank.
"Think tank"?
There's an antimatter avalanche
headed for our worlds,
and this guy wants
to brainstorm?
We need to take action.
You're quite right, Amazing Man.
That's why the rest of
you were brought here.
You each possess the
skills, strength and speed
to construct whatever defense
your best scientists devise.
What are you doing?
We need geniuses.
Your 31st-century boyfriend
would come in handy about now.
Unfortunately, the antimatter waves
somehow nullifies time travel.
Communication may work,
but we can neither summon
more allies here nor
escape into the past.
And if we're not able to
devise some kind of solution?
Then everything
in the Multiverse
will be completely
and utterly destroyed.
Run!
Ahhh!
Oh, damn it!
Come on, we can make it.
Make the jump with me.
Not enough Speed Force.
And I'm in no shape.
All that crap you
said about your world.
Was it true?
Wh... What? Yeah.
Lucky you.
No!
Wakey-wakey, eggs and bakey.
After all this time, Barry,
I fail to see the
humor in that joke.
Oh, have I done that one before?
- Yes.
- Oh, well, breakfast time.
Hope you get a
charge out of this.
You've said that before too.
Well, what have you
got for us today?
I am excited to announce
that work on the final stage
of the project is 99% complete.
I have prepared detailed
instructions for both you and Iris.
- Whoa. That's a lot of cable.
- I know.
But it must be
connected now. Before...
Before I'm too weak to do it.
I know, I know.
I'm old, not senile.
At least, I don't think so.
The lapses in memory
that have plagued you
have been present
your entire life
and are not indicative of a
deteriorating mental state.
Hey, don't tell me.
Tell the old lady.
Well, off to save the world.
The fact remains
that no shielding
would be sufficient protection
from the phenomenon.
The shields we created in Atlantis
are designed to withstand waves.
Not antimatter waves.
The theory is the same.
But the power consumption.
We'd require the energy of
a thousand exploding suns
to put fields around
half our worlds!
Let's keep our tempers in check.
This is a brainstorming
session, not a debate.
It's a goddamn crisis, Princess.
Hey.
I thought you guys could
do with some coffee.
Ah. That's very
thoughtful of you.
Well, gotta keep Team
Brain chugging along,
so Team Brawn can
get to work, right?
Um...
This is the best coffee
I've ever had in my life.
He's right. It's amazing.
And I didn't even like coffee.
Well, I used water
from Aquaman's Earth,
coffee beans from
Jarhanpur on Earth-X
and cardamom from... I
forget what Earth that was.
Harbinger took you
to all those worlds?
No, I use super speed
to vibrate so quickly,
I can pass through anything.
Even through the planes
separating dimensions.
Likewise, anything
would pass through you
while vibrating at super speed.
Yeah. It's my best trick.
As a matter of fact, when
Earth-3 was wiped out,
I soaked up all its Speed Force.
I'm supercharged.
And it kind of knocked me out of my linear
time experience, which sucks, but...
What?
A massive vibrational generator
on each of the Earths...
Like a colossal
cosmic tuning fork.
A tower.
If we could power
just one of them,
the vibrations would reverberate
through all of them.
Even with a superpowered
construction team,
the task of organizing a
project on this scale...
You forget, we have Batman.
So, I was right about
the coffee, huh?
Hey, uh, Clark, I've been
meaning to ask you...
When you saw Lois
at the party...
Yes. There was a
Lois on my world.
She was a real firecracker.
We were married for...
We had a good run.
Old age.
I was heartbroken
for a long time.
And Diana?
Sometimes losing loved ones
gives people
something in common.
Someday, she'll lose me too.
We're not immortal.
She is. To lose everyone
again and again...
Great Scott.
No! It can't.
We had time.
We were going to finish.
Are you seeing this?
It's impossible.
A wave, any kind of wave,
cannot just... accelerate!
I have borne witness to
the universe for millennia.
Nothing I have seen
would explain this.
There's only one explanation.
The anomaly became aware
of our plans and adapted.
Impossible. It's a natural
phenomenon, not a sentient foe.
I'm afraid we won't be around
long enough to find out.
Wait, this is it.
There's nothing we can do.
We just watch the world end?
Run. Run to her.
This is Iris West for GBS News.
The antimatter wave has somehow made
a huge leap closer to our world.
Collision is imminent and the final
defense towers remain unfinished.
If you are a believer, pray. If you
have loved ones, hold them close.
Iris.
I'm so sorry I
wasn't here for you.
You were.
You were late for every
dinner, every movie.
But you were always right
on time when I needed you.
I love you, Barry.
No, I won't let you go.
Here. Here, let me get that.
Don't you get all sexist on me.
You do your list
and I'll do mine.
Otherwise, we're
never gonna finish.
Yes, boss.
Barry...
No.
No. Iris.
I'll get you home.
I already am home...
wherever you are.
Iris, please.
You can't leave me.
It's not for long.
We're almost finished.
Besides, we've had the
whole world all to ourselves
all these years.
We can't be greedy.
Iris.
This is the big one, Barry.
Don't... Don't be late.
Contact Robin... and Huntress.
Is it as bad as it looks?
Yes. I just want to say...
Dad... Bruce, it's okay.
I already miss Iris very much.
Yes. Me too.
But it's not for long.
Yes, Barry.
Even at this speed, the wave
moves and it is nearly here.
Will these things work?
I do not know.
Do you have enough
power to light 'em up?
Almost.
After all these years...
almost enough.
You'll have to drop
down into normal time.
The towers can't
operate at this speed.
Okay. You ready?
I don't wanna cut
this too close.
Before we go...
- Barry?
- Yes, Amazo?
Thank you for helping me
achieve my primary function.
To prolong human life.
Well, I guess you've
done that in a big way.
If we don't blow up.
- Look!
The tower.
Barry.
It's finished.
Here goes nothing.
Earth-2 tower is powering up.
Earth-X tower coming online.
All towers are now functional.
Will it be enough?
Unknown.
We'll find out. In ten,
- nine...
eight, seven...
six...
five, four,
three, two...
one.
Contact with antimatter wave.
Please... God...
The experiment was
a success, Monitor.
Astonishing.
You didn't believe
it could be done.
No.
Neither do I believe in you.
Yet you tried anyway.
You hoped.
- Perhaps I did.
- Interesting.
It is said you cannot
have hope without faith.
We did it.
You see that, Amazo?
We did it. What do you think...
He knew.
In Amazo's last
moment of existence,
he knew he had
helped save humanity.
So...
You're Death?
I am the Spectre,
the Wrath of God.
Death is... better looking.
But you are right in thinking
that the end is close.
Wrath, huh? Guess
I'm in trouble.
You bear some responsibility
for all that has happened here.
Oh. How?
It happened before
the beginning,
but you have already
paid a heavy price
for being unmoored in time.
Well, I'm ready for whatever.
I just wish I could say goodbye.
The Speed Force still
claims you its own.
It will grant your farewells
before the end comes.
What does that mean?
The Flash...
- The Flash...
It's the beginning.
He said "before
the beginning."
Huh? Who's there?
It's... It's you, isn't it?
Go back.
You must go back.
You must stop it.
Go back...
to before the beginning.
We can save you,
like, five trips.
What do you say?
Yeah, too bad Batman
and Superman are AWOL,
or we'd give you them too.
I have already
teleported Batman,
Superman and Wonder Woman
to the Monitor's satellite.
They await us there.
Listen... Harbinger?
I got a proposition for you.
Dawnstar? Are you okay?
I... I feel weird.
- Monitor!
Brainy! Brainiac 5, come in!
There's something
wrong with Dawnstar.
She's vanishing.
You've got to help her!
Kara...
Brainy. No!
It's not just her... or me.
The whole world, Kara.
The universe, maybe.
It's all vanishing.
What's happening?
How do I stop it?
I... I think whatever
happened back there
changed history, my world.
Everything I know never happened.
A chrono-anomaly, I...
I... I never really existed.
Brainy. No!
But if you somehow remember me,
know this...
I loved you, Kara...
No!